Don't worry.
There's someone you need to meet
Daughter, please save your brother
Your brother was caught by them
They say if you don't spend ten million
They only have ten million
What to pay
I give my life to them
Mr. Ji, please
Please help us
Please mom
Don't embarrass yourself here
The money for monitoring did not come from the strong wind.
Why pay my brother back?
Su Ran, you step into a wealthy family by yourself
You forgot your parents when you turned around, didn't you?
How did I give birth to such a heartless thing as you?
You are now
Don't rob
10 million here
Take the money and let it go
Otherwise, you look good.
The boss is cheerful
Boss atmosphere
Don't worry boss
I'll let him go
Thank you Mr. Ji
Thank you for saving us
Thanks. I'll pay you back. Okay.
But why?
It's what I say
10 million ancestors don't even blink an eye
Oh, my daughter.
It's lucky from now on
Die this heart
He's going to get married soon.
Listen for you and pay him back
Looks like I'm going to have to take some serious medicine